What's your name?
Xiao Fan is also a security guard here
Mr. Lu's life-saving grace
Never dare to forget
If you have anything in the future, just tell me.
I'll go first
Wait a minute.
I think he can cure heroes
Are you sure he can do it?
I think so.
It will work.
How can a man say no?
I do have one thing
What about my company?
I'm going to work with a big group recently.
The chairperson of this group suffers from a strange disease
It didn't work to find a lot of doctors
So I'd like you to go and show him.
If you can cure him
My collaboration with him
You get a 5% commission.
What is 5%?
OK
Not a lot.
Only 5 million
When are you going?
His illness is really difficult to treat
If you don't worry
Sure to cure
When shall we go?
Well, if you think it's okay
We can go today.
But I still have a little business to deal with
Twenty minutes.
Let's go together
What do you think?
OK, then I'll go down and wait for you.